Document Microsoft.Data.Sqlite .NET Framework support removal in EF Core 11 breaking changes (#5411)
aspnet/EntityFramework.Docs: entity-framework/core/what-is-new/ef-core-11.0/breaking-changes.md

| [Encryption-enabled SQLite packages have been removed](#sqlite-encryption-removed)                        | Medium     |
| [Some SQLitePCLRaw bundle packages have been removed](#sqlite-bundles-removed)                            | Medium     |

### Medium-impact changes

<a name="sqlite-no-netfx"></a>

#### Microsoft.Data.Sqlite no longer supports .NET Framework

[Tracking Issue #35599](https://github.com/dotnet/efcore/issues/35599)

##### Old behavior

Previously, `Microsoft.Data.Sqlite` and `Microsoft.Data.Sqlite.Core` targeted `netstandard2.0`, which allowed them to be used from .NET Framework applications.

##### New behavior

Starting with Microsoft.Data.Sqlite 11.0, both packages target `net10.0` only. .NET Framework applications can no longer reference or use Microsoft.Data.Sqlite 11.0.

##### Why

The `netstandard2.0` target made older, unsupported .NET targets appear to be supported, and it also masked API differences such as `DateOnly` and `TimeOnly` support. Targeting the minimum supported .NET version explicitly makes the supported platform surface clear.

##### Mitigations

If possible, move the application to .NET 10 or later.

> If you must remain on .NET Framework, stay on the latest Microsoft.Data.Sqlite 10.0.x servicing release. The 10.0.x line already uses `SQLite3MC.PCLRaw.bundle`, allowing .NET Framework applications to remain on that servicing line longer while still receiving 10.0.x fixes, including bundled SQLite CVE fixes shipped there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you must remain on .NET Framework, stay on the latest `Microsoft.Data.Sqlite` 10.0.x servicing release. The 10.0.x line already uses `SQLite3MC.PCLRaw.bundle`, allowing .NET Framework applications to update the referenced `SQLite3MC.PCLRaw.bundle` version even after `Microsoft.Data.Sqlite` stops receiving updated.
```
